Update helix doc with current info (#22855)
dotnet/aspnetcore: docs/Helix.md

This will restore, and then publish all the test project including some bootstrapping scripts that will install the correct dotnet runtime/sdk before running the test assembly on the helix machine(s), and upload the job to helix.

## Overview of the helix usage in our pipelines

- Required queues: Windows10, OSX, Ubuntu1604 
- Full queue matrix: Windows[7, 81, 10], Ubuntu[1604, 1804, 2004], Centos7, Debian[8,9], Redhat7, Fedora28, Arm64 (Win10, Debian9)

aspnetcore-ci runs non quarantined tests against the required helix queues as a required PR check and all builds on all branches.

aspnetcore-quarantined-tests runs only quarantined tests against the required queues only on master every 4 hours.

> aspnetcore-helix-matrix runs non quarantined tests against all queues twice a day only on master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aspnetcore-helix-matrix runs non quarantined tests against all queues twice a day only on public master.
```

## How do I look at the results of a helix run on Azure Pipelines?

> The easiest way to look a test failure is via the tests tab in azdo which now should show a summary of the errors and have attachements to the relevant console logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to look at a test failure is via the tests tab in azdo which now should show a summary of the errors and have attachments to the relevant console logs.
```

> You can also drill down into the helix web apis if you take the HelixJobId from the Debug tab of a failing test, and the HelixWorkItemName and go to: helix.dot.net/api/2019-06-17/jobs/<jobId>/workitems/<workitemname> which will show you more urls you can drill into for more info. 

Reviewer 2: Suggest adding `https://` to the URI and guarding it with backticks to make sure it's not considered a real URI

Also likely worth mentioning:
- The https://helix.dot.net/ home page displays information about the available public queues (nothing about the related BYOC pools and queues or the internal Helix queues)
- Some superficial information about both BYOC and Helix agents is available at https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/8ca46105193bd25c95af49bc6cd3604aaefec980/Documentation/AzureDevOps/AzureDevOpsOnboarding.md#agent-queues
- More detailed and always up-to-date information about all of the agents is available at https://helix.dot.net/api/2018-03-14/info/queues

> There's also a link embedded in the build.cmd log of the helix target on Azure Pipelines, near the bottom right that will look something like this:

Reviewer 2: Please update the no-longer-correct example below. Any mention of mc.dot.net in this doc should be purged with fire 😈

The link will take you to an overview of all the tests with clickable links to the logs and each run broken down by queue.

> All of the helix runs for aspnetcore can be found here <https://mc.dot.net/#/user/aspnetcore/builds>.

Reviewer 2: Is there no longer a page from which it's possible to navigate to specific runs❔ I'm wondering if the https://helix.dot.net/ URIs mentioned above and the required cut-and-pasting is the best we can do when the URIs aren't available from the build logs.

Author: I don't believe so, azdo ui is the main view since you can see all the failing tests and its pretty good now getting to all the files directly from the failing test.  But sometimes if you want to get the raw payloads and dig around more, spelunking around the underlying urls for all the workitems is useful

> You can simulate how most tests run locally:

Reviewer 2: - Do the instructions below still match how we run Helix jobs❔
- Should something in here mention eng/scripts/RunHelix.ps1 and does that script work correctly these days (I had trouble using it a week or so ago)❔

Reviewer: >     * does that script work correctly these days

I used it yesterday and it worked. I think there might be an issue when you try to select queues.

Reviewer 2: Well, fixing such an issue sounds worthwhile but shouldn't prevent us from documenting it as @HaoK has done 😺
